open/closed/principle/problem/ActionBookDiscount.java
 open.closed.principle.problem.ActionBookDiscount
open/closed/principle/OpenClosedPrinciple.java
 open.closed.principle.OpenClosedPrinciple
single/responsability/principle/problem/PurchaseOrder.java
 single.responsability.principle.problem.PurchaseOrder
open/closed/principle/problem/SelfHelpBookDiscount.java
 open.closed.principle.problem.SelfHelpBookDiscount
open/closed/principle/solution/ActionBook.java
 open.closed.principle.solution.ActionBook
single/responsability/principle/solution/Product.java
 single.responsability.principle.solution.Product
open/closed/principle/solution/SelfHelpBook.java
 open.closed.principle.solution.SelfHelpBook
liskov/substitution/principle/LiskovSubstitutionPrinciple.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.LiskovSubstitutionPrinciple
open/closed/principle/solution/DiscountController.java
 open.closed.principle.solution.DiscountController
single/responsability/principle/solution/PurchaseOrderRepository.java
 single.responsability.principle.solution.PurchaseOrderRepository
single/responsability/principle/solution/PurchaseOrderPrint.java
 single.responsability.principle.solution.PurchaseOrderPrint
open/closed/principle/problem/DiscountController.java
 open.closed.principle.problem.DiscountController
liskov/substitution/principle/problem/Rectangle.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.problem.Rectangle
liskov/substitution/principle/problem/Square.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.problem.Square
single/responsability/principle/SingleResponsibilityPrinciple.java
 single.responsability.principle.SingleResponsibilityPrinciple
open/closed/principle/problem/ChildrenBookDiscount.java
 open.closed.principle.problem.ChildrenBookDiscount
open/closed/principle/solution/DiscountBook.java
 open.closed.principle.solution.DiscountBook
single/responsability/principle/solution/PurchaseOrderMail.java
 single.responsability.principle.solution.PurchaseOrderMail
single/responsability/principle/problem/Product.java
 single.responsability.principle.problem.Product
single/responsability/principle/solution/PurchaseOrder.java
 single.responsability.principle.solution.PurchaseOrder
open/closed/principle/solution/ChildrenBook.java
 open.closed.principle.solution.ChildrenBook
liskov/substitution/principle/problem/Main.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.problem.Main
liskov/substitution/principle/solution/Polygon.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.solution.Polygon
liskov/substitution/principle/solution/Rectangle.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.solution.Rectangle
liskov/substitution/principle/solution/Square.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.solution.Square
liskov/substitution/principle/solution/Main.java
 liskov.substitution.principle.solution.Main
